== 커뮤니티

=== 1. 게시글 조회

=== 1. 전체 조회

==== HTTP query parameters
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/all_post_get_success/query-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP request
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/all_post_get_success/http-request.adoc[]

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/all_post_get_success/response-fields.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/all_post_get_success/http-response.adoc[]


=== 2. 상세 조회

==== HTTP path parameters
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_get_success/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP request
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_get_success/http-request.adoc[]

=== 1-1. 성공

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_get_success/response-fields.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_get_success/http-response.adoc[]

=== 1-2. 실패

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_get_fail/response-fields.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_get_fail/http-response.adoc[]

=== 2. 게시글 작성

==== HTTP request parts
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_register_success/request-parts.adoc[]

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_register_success/response-fields.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_register_success/http-response.adoc[]

=== 2. 게시글 삭제

==== HTTP path parameters
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_delete_success/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP request
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_delete_success/http-request.adoc[]

==== 2.1 성공

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_delete_success/response-fields.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_delete_success/http-response.adoc[]

==== 2.1 실패

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_delete_fail/response-fields.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_delete_fail/http-response.adoc[]

=== 3. 게시글 좋아요

==== HTTP request fields
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_like_register_success/request-fields.adoc[]

==== HTTP request
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_like_register_success/http-request.adoc[]

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_like_register_success/response-fields.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_like_register_success/http-response.adoc[]

=== 3. 게시글 좋아요 삭제

==== HTTP path parameters
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_like_delete_success/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP request
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_like_delete_success/http-request.adoc[]

==== 3.1 성공

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_like_delete_success/response-fields.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_like_delete_success/http-response.adoc[]

==== 3.1 실패

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_like_delete_fail/response-fields.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/post_like_delete_fail/http-response.adoc[]

== 4. 댓글 전체 조회

==== HTTP query parameters
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/all_comment_get_success/query-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP request
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/all_comment_get_success/http-request.adoc[]

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/all_comment_get_success/response-fields.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/all_comment_get_success/http-response.adoc[]

=== 5. 댓글 작성

==== HTTP path parameters
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/comment_register_success/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP request fields
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/comment_register_success/request-fields.adoc[]

==== HTTP request
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/comment_register_success/http-request.adoc[]

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/comment_register_success/response-fields.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/comment_register_success/http-response.adoc[]

=== 6. 댓글 삭제

==== HTTP path parameters
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/comment_delete_success/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP request
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/comment_delete_success/http-request.adoc[]

=== 6.1 성공

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/comment_delete_success/response-fields.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/comment_delete_success/http-response.adoc[]

=== 6.2 실패

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/comment_delete_fail/response-fields.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/post_controller_test/comment_delete_fail/http-response.adoc[]
